[OSDOCS-4721]: Add CPMS links to the machine mgmt intro page (#54089)
openshift/openshift-docs: machine_management/index.adoc

** xref:../machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-osp.adoc#creating-machineset-osp[{rh-openstack}]

** xref:../machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-rhv.adoc#creating-machineset-rhv[{rh-virtualization}]

** xref:../machine_management/creating_machinesets/creating-machineset-vsphere.adoc#creating-machineset-vsphere[vSphere]

* xref:../machine_management/manually-scaling-machineset.adoc#manually-scaling-machineset[Manually scale a compute machine set] by adding or removing a machine from the compute machine set.

* xref:../machine_management/modifying-machineset.adoc#modifying-machineset[Modify a compute machine set] through the `MachineSet` YAML configuration file.

* xref:../machine_management/deleting-machine.adoc#deleting-machine[Delete] a machine.

* xref:../machine_management/creating-infrastructure-machinesets.adoc#creating-infrastructure-machinesets[Create infrastructure compute machine sets].

* Configure and deploy a xref:../machine_management/deploying-machine-health-checks.adoc#deploying-machine-health-checks[machine health check] to automatically fix damaged machines in a machine pool.

[discrete]

> == What you can do with control plane machine sets

Reviewer: Though this isn't a question, it is pretty close :), and the [ISG recommends](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-headings) avoiding questions in headings. Maybe something simple, like _Control plane machine set overview_?

This also applies to other places in the document. I understand you are working with the format of existing content, so please use your best judgement on how to proceed.

Reviewer: According to [the repo guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#discrete-headings), it looks like `discrete` headings still need a unique id.

> As a cluster administrator you can:

Reviewer: See the [ISG guidance](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#lead-in-wording) on lead-in wording for lists. This would also apply to lines 28 and 30 above. 
```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can perform the following actions:
```
In the guidance, you can also use _these_ instead of _the following_.

Reviewer: Perhaps as something to take up as a continuous improvment task, but part of the ISG guidance on lists is that it is important to avoid having a lot of lists as the main content. It can lead to documentation that looks more like an outline than complete work.

> * xref:../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-using.adoc#cpmso-feat-config-update_cpmso-using[Update your control plane configuration] with a control plane machine set on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-using.adoc#cpmso-feat-config-update_cpmso-using[Update your control plane configuration] with a control plane machine set on these infrastructures:
```
See list lead-in guidance above.

** xref:../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-configuration.adoc#cpmso-sample-yaml-azure_cpmso-configuration[Azure]

** xref:../machine_management/control_plane_machine_management/cpmso-configuration.adoc#cpmso-sample-yaml-vsphere_cpmso-configuration[vSphere]

* Configure and deploy a xref:../machine_management/deploying-machine-health-checks.adoc#deploying-machine-health-checks[machine health check] to automatically recover unhealthy control plane machines.

[discrete]
== Autoscaler

Autoscale your cluster to ensure flexibility to changing workloads.
To xref:../machine_management/applying-autoscaling.adoc#applying-autoscaling[autoscale] your {product-title} cluster, you must first deploy a cluster autoscaler, and then deploy a machine autoscaler for each compute machine set.

* The _cluster autoscaler_ increases and decreases the size of the cluster based on deployment needs.

* The _machine autoscaler_ adjusts the number of machines in the compute machine sets that you deploy in your {product-title} cluster.

[discrete]
== User-provisioned infrastructure

> User-provisioned infrastructure is an environment where you can deploy infrastructure such as compute, network, and storage resources that host the {product-title}. You can xref:../machine_management//user_infra/adding-compute-user-infra-general.adoc#adding-compute-user-infra-general[add compute machines] to a cluster on user-provisioned infrastructure either as part of or after the installation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-provisioned infrastructure is an environment where you can deploy infrastructure such as compute, network, and storage resources that host the {product-title}. You can xref:../machine_management//user_infra/adding-compute-user-infra-general.adoc#adding-compute-user-infra-general[add compute machines] to a cluster on user-provisioned infrastructure either during or after the installation process.
```
